---
title: "Project 2: Subordinate Roles"
date: 2022-10-19
categories: project
author: Daniel Kogeni
meta: "DePaul University"
---
### Part A (Design Phase)
Week one involved choosing our new team roles, creating our project wiki, and the software design document on ``SpinList`` class. I volunteered for the role of Project Manager this time around, so I'm looking forward to being the best guide possible to insure a successful delivery. I learned a lot from Project 1, so I hope to incorporate several productive changes to our group workflow, especially after seeing the way other groups worked. For Project 1, our team lacked a project planner for tracking the status of deliverables, so for Project 2 our team used Microsoft Planner to great affect as it helped us successful meet our self-imposed deadlines. Overall, Part A was fairly easy. 

### Part B (Implementation Phase)
With the design phase complete, our team moved on to the implementation phase, but not without controversy. We successfully handed Team 7 their design document and helped answer any questions concerning ``SpinList`` and it's implementation. But when it came to receiving our design document from Team 5, we had several issues as Team 5 lacked a proper design document, let alone a working one. Our planning/design manager Samira had to coordinate with Team 5 in order to help them design a ``SearchList`` document consistent with the requirements/specifications set forth in Part A. In the end, our group made the decision to implement ``SearchList`` from scratch as a result of time constraints. As leader, I made the decision after multiple failed attempts to get a workable design direction from Team 5. But to Team 5's credit, their second revision was much closer to what was expected of them.

When it came to implementing ``SearchList``, we split up our deliverables based on their complexity, with a group of two members collaborating on the more difficult methods. Other than delays from the remote design team, I believe our team was successful in hitting our targets and implementing ``SearchList``.