---
title: "Project 1: Unit Testing"
date: 2022-10-05
categories: project
author: Daniel Kogeni
meta: "DePaul Univeristy"
---
### Part A (Planning)
At first glance, the project as a whole seemed somewhat daunting (I think it was just my nerves) that is until I read the concise step-by-step instructions and met our wonderful team leader, Leona. Our team chose our leader based on their experience with Git, and it was with her guidance & effort that we've confidently gone through each checklist without any difficulties. Final note: I'm really proud of our group's communication skills.

### Part B (Unit Testing & Report)
With the planning phase complete, we're on to unit testing. I have some familiarity with unit tests on account I'm taking object-oriented development (SE 350), where one of our projects involves writing unit tests. Though I must admit I really appreciate Prof. Vahid's resources, in-class activities and walk-throughs. They really helped with grasping unit testing. And credit to where it's due, our team leader went above and beyond to insure everyone understood our tasks and didn't fall behind. Leona, if you're reading this, **THANK YOU!!**

We're on to our final sprint and everyone is finishing up their tests. We had to delay our branch merge since myself and others still needed more time with our unit tests. On the day of merging (due date too), we opted to take advantage of GitHub's *Pull Request* feature. It was necessary for insuring we wouldn't have any merge conflicts, especially considering everyone used different development environments (I used VS Code for Windows).

Alas, due to excruciating circumstances and other factors we missed a few of our goals for *Merge Day*, mostly due to complications with verifying some of our test files, but also due to negligence. For example, in my haste to merge before the deadline, I accidentally merged a previous commit (it's a long story) instead of a more recent commit. For Project 2 and onwards, I hope to take my responsibilities more seriously to insure a successful Project.